With the activity and sequence interaction scoped out,
let's discuss the states which will determine the state of the acid.
A state diagram, is a type of behavioral diagram,
that shows how an object moves through various states within its lifetime.
Now, different from the activity or
sequence diagrams that we saw earlier, a state diagram,
shows the actual changes in the state,
not just the process or commands that created those changes.
When drawing a state machine diagram,
the thing that you want to do is identify the creation state,
and whether any final states exist.
After you've done this, consider
what other stages in the life of an object it passes through.
In our pet shop example,
the object whose state that we're most interested in is the pet,
the creation state begins with it being raised,
and completes it once it's adopted.
Using the behaviors and methods that we determined in our activity and sequence diagrams,
we can create the states for the breeder and the owner as well.
Now we just saw how to diagram the behaviors for a very simple supply chain.
The last diagram we'll discuss is our class diagram,
using what we've modeled with our behavioral diagrams.